hello all the boys are giuseppe
today i'm here with i saw with
brand new video a video that
surely you will like a video where you
i will show a bug so very much
nice because it will allow you to arrive
immediately to the prestige you want
or in the sense that it can reach the
next 10 prestige 6 to any
prestige does not believe me how to do
dissolve again advice to arrive for
it is not a mind that there is a lineup with
choose now I'll explain why
you need two joysticks and one
your friend who has an account or
to the prestigious in the 106 2 presidio al
prestige 6 you can be al
prestigious 6 6 2 to 10 to 10 consent
because precisely the bug consists in the
copy your friend's account to
yours obviously but then stays with the
your name
therefore also the statistics the killings
and game oils are the same dates and also
the weapons then we do so myself
I approve with the eleventh prestige
so what do you have to do
you must connect the second control
play as a perfect guest now with the
second controller we go up
store without pressing twice
hicks with the second command one
circle with the first remote control e
then continue to press many times
hicks with the first ok
really so many times here and how
you see it makes you colleagues connect with a
other account
then you now what do you do choose it
chants in which you have the prestige for
example I do this with the first one with
the first controller to connect with
this
here I am now connected with this how
you can see if I played
online
as you can see I am with one of mine
various accounts
to the eleventh prestigious institution though
the other different name
in fact it is not that he also copied the
name but as you can see if we
let's see in the menu
I'm still connected to the top
so we do what we have to do
now it's going here to unplug us in
this way
exit wait for it to exit e
take us to this page here here it is
tells us to be able to dispute this
notice here we press again sign in
and obviously makes us withdraw with
the account in the right one as they can
lead to prestige here now if we
let's go and see magically
this too will be the eleventh
prestige and as you can see I do
see the killings seen the ministers
be there what you did then now
barracks you are not even visiting
most of them almost all I have to do
give something to publish all the weapons
classic quil quonte ok
anyway for this video and everything leaves
doubts I like and if you have problems not
you have understood what you want me to do
I do
write me a message a comment here
I will answer you by asking you then
obviously your account and you
I'll do it right away
ok so we of all hello to all
boys